Site-Specific Tools
There are two site-specific tools that we
may want to familiarize ourselves with.
Twofi scans a user’s Twitter feed and
generates a personalized wordlist
used for password attacks against that
user.
While we will not run any attacks during
passive information gathering,
we can run this tool against any Twitter
accounts we have identified
to have a wordlist ready when needed.
Twofi requires a valid Twitter API key.
linkedin2username
is a script for generating username lists
based on LinkedIn data.
It requires valid LinkedIn credentials and
depends on a LinkedIn connection
to individuals in the target organization.
The script will output usernames in
several different formats.